user , food , comment
"loonydaycarelady","A Messy Cook",""
"cyndigreer828","Cookin In Texas",""
"panngirl","Frozen French Fries","@Duonyte I forgot to mention, they are frozen into one huge block!!"
"29rmaynard","Raspberry Tapioca Pudding Dessert","This recipe is delicious! Everyone in my family loved it!"
"rad1rad2","Quick and Easy Applesauce Cake","I made this for my husband to take to a men’s fellowship. It was a big hit. I didn’t change anything except that I used vegetable oil. Will definitely be making again."
"panngirl","Frozen French Fries","i have raw potatoes cut into french fries, they were blanched and all, but I really want to eat them, but i dont know if i should thaw them or not.PLEASE HELP!"
"Anonymous","The Realtor's Easy Chocolate Ice Cream","This turned out nice. It is not a rich chocolate....sort of reminds me of a Frosty. It also didn't set to scoopable ice cream. It's more like soft serve."
"Cphoc401","Creamy AuGratin Potatoes {Crockpot}","I made this recipe and everyone e loved them. The only thing I did different was make some extra sauce as my potatoes were very large"
"Cphoc401","Creamy AuGratin Potatoes {Crockpot}","Can this recipe be made in the oven?"
"Kev C.","Chef Otaktay",""
"Kev C.","Dissie",""
"GardenofGrey","Corn Chips from Scratch","Great recipe for a fun and new way to enjoy chips. Just make sure to roll this out between two sheets of parchment as thin as you can,;and do a double bake!!!!"
"GardenofGrey","Corn Chips from Scratch","Roll the "dough" out as flat and thin as you can get between two pieces of parchment paper. Remove top paper, score with a pizza cutter and brush with oil. I used a perforated cookie sheet and after about 7 minutes of cooking, I flipped the chip and removed the parchment paper. After the 10 minutes was up I removed from oven and broke the chips into triangles and returned to oven until crispy. Tasty, thin, and crispy!"
"Janie D.","Scalloped Potatoes for Two","I followed the directions completely. Cooked as directed and the potatoes were not done. I cooked them again the following night for 45 minutes on 350 and they still weren’t done. I used a planer to slice the potatoes, they were thin so it couldn’t have been the thickness. I have no clue why they were still not done. Anybody else have this issue?"
"Kfrench1920","Easy Caramel Flan (Creme Caramel)","I would like to make this for my boss, and it sounds so easy, but every other recipe calls for sweetened condensed milk instead of evaporated milk. Wouldn’t it not be sweet enough if only using evaporated milk?"
"Mark H.","Maple Glazed Ham Steak","Nice glaze and simple. I like to brown the steak first then in goes the glaze. Use a broiler safe pan and caramelize the glaze for a nice finish"
"ron r.","Egg Muffin sandwich","gimme a break. TAYLOR PORK ROLL and eggs is THEPROPER CHOICE, NOT THIS MUNDANE sandwich that's better from McDonalds"
"ron r.","Traditional Migas","i would have picked HUEVOS RANCHEROS, not this recepe."
"debbains","Gourmet Huevos Rancheros","Obviously you didn't come to NM for this recipe. Not anywhere close to the real thing."
"Ar4827","Fijian Honey Cake","I REALLY LIKE BREAD! DOES ANYONE ELSA LIKE BREAD?!!!!!!!!!!!!?"